# Attendance Management System Project in Laravel

The Attendance Management System in Laravel is a simple PHP Laravel/MySQL Database project that will assist instructors in keeping track of their students’ attendance records for each class and subject inside a school. The system saves the relevant data or information required to create class attendance as well as the data required to organize the pupils. This system allows professors to save their students’ attendance records for each subject, and by simply selecting a class per subject to check attendance, a list of students in that class will be displayed automatically, along with checkboxes to indicate whether the student is present, late, or absent on the selected date of the class. A monthly report on class student attendance is also generated by the system.

The HTML, PHP/MySQL, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap frameworks were used to create the designs for the Student Attendance Management System. Admin, Teacher, and student and parents are the four sorts of users in the system. The admin user has access to all of the system’s data and can utilize all of the system’s functionality. Only managing users are restricted to the teacher user, who is a semi-admin. Only the attendance of his or her students is under the faculty’s control.

# Admin Features in Attendance Management System Project in Laravel
* Login Module – The page where system users enter their credentials in order to access and control the system’s data.
* Dashboard – When logging into the system, system users will be sent to this page by default.
* Course Module – This is the page where the system administrator or staff manages the course list.
* Subject  Module – The list of subjects is managed on this page by the system administrator and personnel.
* Teacher – The portal that lists and manages the school teacher.
* Student Module – This is the page where you may manage and list your students.
* Class Module – The admin or staff oversees the list of classes on this page.
* Check Attendance – This is the page where the teacher keeps track of their students’ attendance.
